# Requirements 


## Introduction 
Student record management system is designed to help manage the daily school activities of recording and maintaining by automating it.
## Research 

### Objective 
A student record management system helps you keep and maintain multiple records effortlessly. The tool automates data tracking and record-keeping related to various academic aspects such as performance, attendance, documents, admission, fees, and disciplinary records. It Control the quantity and quality of records. 
Simplify the activities, systems, and processes of records maintenance and use.

### Benefits 

* One of the major benefits of the student management system these days is that they can be accessed by one and all and that too with a great degree of convenience

* we can able to track each and everything being done by your students. This includes performance in areas such as sports and other extracurricular activities.
## Cost and Features 

* student behaviour tracking and analystics

* cloud enabled

* campus recruitment

* admission management

* account management

* laboratory management  

### Some of the features of the project 
Why to keep bundles of files while all the data can be saved smartly. Instant search makes this data easily accessible. By using student information systems and school software you can manage all this and much more.

Each student, his/her parents, Teacher, Staff members and management will have separate login to access the desired information. So you can know all the things for every single student, his/her parents, Teacher, Staff members.

### Defining Our System

Student record System  is a solution tool that is designed to track, maintain and manage all the data generated by a School, including the grades of a student, their attendance, their interpersonal activities records, etc.,"

It acts as the bottom line database to store all the day-to-day school operations, maintain the proper records of the past few decades, regulate the various operation modules, managing the critical tasks, efficiently handling the administrative processes

## High Level Requirements
| ID | Description | Category |	Status |
|:-: |:-----------:|:--------:|:------:|
| HR01 | User can be able to Store student record | Technical | Implemented |
| HR02 | User can be able to Edit student record | Technical | Implemented |
| HR03 | User can be able to Delete student record | Technical | Implemented |
| HR04 | User can be able to List student record | Technical | Implemented |


## Low Level Requirements
| ID | Description | HLR ID | Status (Implemented/Future) |
|:-:|:-----------:|:------:|:---------------------------:|
| LR01 | User can choose the option for strore the student record | HR01 | IMPLEMENTED |
| LR02 | Same operation for editing the stored records | HR02 | IMPLEMENTED |
| LR03 | Same operation for delete record after storing | HR03 | IMPLEMENTED |
| LR04 | Same operation for show record for stored record details | HR04 | IMPLEMENTED |